Up top we'll add our normal
spring boot test annotation.
And we'll go through and we'll add some supporting fields
that we'll use later on for our test.
We'll also add a BeforeEach method
to add some initializations for this student object.
And then we'll actually set some
of the private fields directly.
Now we could set 'em using those normal set methods
or whatever, but we're going to just demonstrate how
we can set those fields directly.
And these are private fields.
So we set the field for ID to a given value,
and also set the field for student grades to a given value.
And again, we're simply just setting these directly
on those private fields.
We're not using their appropriate setup methods.
Okay so this coding looks pretty good
for that BeforeEach method.